{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2822
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica-Bold;\f1\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1440\tx2160\tx2880\tx3600\tx4320\tx5040\tx5760\tx6480\tx7200\tx7920\tx8640\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0

\f0\b\fs36 \cf0 \ul \ulc0 ORBIT83 README
\f1\b0\fs24 \ulnone \
\

\f0\b SERIES83 GITHUB
\f1\b0 \
\
For the most up to date version of this small program be sure to visit the series83 repository on Github ({\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://github.com/jacober-calc/series83"}}{\fldrslt https://github.com/jacober-calc/series83}}). Information about use and the licence can be found there.\
\

\f0\b INSTALL
\f1\b0 \
\
Install the program on your calculator using the Ti Connect software. The file you will want to move from the .zip you download is ORBIT83.8xp. There is also a \'93lite\'94 version available that takes up half of the memory, the file you will want to move from the .zip you download in that case is ORBIT83_lite.8xp. Both programs will come up as ORBIT in your Calculator\'92s program menu.\
\
The program will show up in your PRGM menu as POSITION.\
\

\f0\b INSTRUCTIONS
\f1\b0 \
\
This program calculates perfectly circular orbit data in SI units given height (km) or velocity (m/s) of the satellite. The user can select pre-set information for EARTH, MOON, MARS and JUPITER and select the given variable available.\
\
For example, the International Space Station orbits the Earth at approximately 407 km. User enters the program, selects EARTH (1) and then HEIGHT (because we know the altitude of the object in this instance). Enter 407 and ENTER. The display will show the velocity (m/s), period (min) and circumference (km) of the orbit given the user information. In this case the ISS travels at ~7665 m/s in a 92.7 min period orbit around the Earth\'97 which is correct based on real life information (given a low eccentricity, errors because of a perfect circle orbit will be present).\
\
Note, that for the \'93lite\'94 version, pre-set information for only EARTH and MOON is available and there is no information given on the constants for each planet/the moon.\
\

\f0\b ISSUES/BUG REPORTING
\f1\b0 \
\
If you have any issues with the program be sure to raise them on the Github page.}